known_issues: Add issue usage-fault when interrupt uses FPU (#7270)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

NCSDK-12306: Enabling debug configuration causes usage fault on nRF9160
  When the debug configuration :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_TFM_CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE_DEBUG` is enabled, a usage fault is triggered during boot on nRF9160.

.. rst-class:: v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0

> NCSDK-14590: Usage fault in interrupt handles using FPU extensions
>   When the configuration :kconfig:option:`ARM_NONSECURE_PREEMPTIBLE_SECURE_CALLS` is disabled a usage fault can be triggered when an interrupt handler uses FPU extensions while interrupting the secure processing environment.
> 
>   **Workaround:** Do not disable :kconfig:option:`ARM_NONSECURE_PREEMPTIBLE_SECURE_CALLS` when :kconfig:option:`FPU` is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NCSDK-14590: Usage fault in interrupt handlers when using FPU extensions
  When the :kconfig:option:`ARM_NONSECURE_PREEMPTIBLE_SECURE_CALLS` Kconfig option is disabled, a usage fault can be triggered when an interrupt handler uses FPU extensions while interrupting the secure processing environment.

  **Workaround:** Do not disable the :kconfig:option:`ARM_NONSECURE_PREEMPTIBLE_SECURE_CALLS` option when the :kconfig:option:`FPU` option is enabled.
```
